Hello everyone,

My name is Krish Gohel.

I come from a middle-class family of six members. My father runs a uniform business, and my mother is a homemaker. My younger brother is pursuing B.Com and also supports my father in the business. My grandparents, who are both retired, also live with us. they always guide us to be good human being.
We are a close and supportive family. I’ve learned values like hard work, respect, and discipline from them, and their support has always helped me stay focused in life.

I completed my SSC from Maruti Mother Land School, HSC from Shakti Science Gujarati Meduim School, and Now pursuing my Bachelor’s Degree in CSE from Darshan University. I have a interest in the field of software development, which inspired me to further enhance my skills through hands-on learning.

I have developed intermediate technical skills in Java, SQL, JavaScript, Node.js, React.js, Flutter, Python,.Net , and Data Structures & Algorithms. I am particularly proficient in MERN stack development and Flutter app development.

As part of my academic journey, I have worked on a Movie Ticket Booking System using the MERN stack And Tailor Management System using flutter and .net web api. i also working this project for my father's business. These projects helped me understand the real-world challengies. and importance of problem-solving.

including my strength, I am hardworking , quick adapting new technologies, enjoy to working with team.
including my weakness, I am hesitate in pulic speaking and such time angerness. but I am working to improve this.

as short term goal,
I aim to join BOSC Tech Labs, apply my technical skills, collaborate with experienced developers, and contribute to cutting-edge projects. and I also want to learn Mathine Learning,Deep Learning with strong Fundamentals and real-world data-set to create real-world project.
as long term goal,
I aspire to grow into a technical lead role, guiding teams through innovative projects, while continuing to learn and grow as a professional and I want to become Data Scientiest.

I want to join company b'coz of it focus on AI, mobile/web development, and real-world solutions which aligns perfectly with my interests . and supportive Environment, flexible culture, growth opportunities, and collaborative team. and also by proven Success of Delivering over 250 projects with 95% client retention and a decade of experience shows BOSC delivers both quality and impact

I believe BOSC is the ideal place to grow, contribute, and innovate together.

Thank you for listening. I’m excited about the opportunity to join your team and contribute to BOSC Tech Labs' journey.

